6 pkg multisite (#2)
insightsengineering/r-pkgdown-multiversion: README.md

      - main
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  pkgdown:
    name: Pkgdown Docs
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    container:
      image: ghcr.io/insightsengineering/rstudio_4.1.0_bioc_3.13:latest
    steps:
      - name: Install R package
        run: R CMD INSTALL ${{ github.event.repository.name }}
        shell: bash

      - name: Build docs
        run: |
          options(repos = c(CRAN = "https://cloud.r-project.org/"))
          "pkgdown" %in% installed.packages() || install.packages("pkgdown", upgrade = "never")
          pkgdown::build_site("${{ github.event.repository.name }}", devel = TRUE)
        shell: Rscript {0}

      - name: Create artifacts
        run: |
          pushd ${{ github.event.repository.name }}/docs/
          zip -r9 $OLDPWD/pkgdown.zip *
          popd
        shell: bash

      - name: Upload docs for review
        if: github.ref != 'refs/heads/main'
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v2
        with:
          name: pkgdown.zip
          path: pkgdown.zip

      - name: Publish docs
        if: github.ref == 'refs/heads/main' # Only after merge or push to main
        run: |
          cd ${{ github.event.repository.name }}

>           git config --local user.email "actions@github.com"

Reviewer: should it be `actions@github.com` ??

Author: changed to default with actions

# MultiVersion pkgdown docs action

## Description

Github Action to generate multiple versions of pkgdown docs for R packages.
Additional assumptions:

* As a pre-requisite require R package documentation generated by R function `pkgdown::build_site` (included in example as job `pkgdown`)
* Versioning - release naming convention like `v0.0.1`.
* To publish multi-version documentation on Github Pages

>   `gh-pages` branch have to be checkout before `multiversion-docs` step and changes push after this step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `gh-pages` branch have to be checked out before `multiversion-docs` step and changes pushed after this step.
```
